Update cloud-cost-management-faqs.md (#3432)
harness/developer-hub: kb/cloud-cost-management/cloud-cost-management-faqs.md

For more information, go to [Create Perspectives](https://developer.harness.io/docs/cloud-cost-management/use-ccm-cost-reporting/ccm-perspectives/create-cost-perspectives#review-no-accountprojectetc).

#### How can I retrieve details about the compute generating the cost within a perspective that is managed by a cost category rule? Additionally, how can I obtain information about its uptime, memory utilization, and CPU usage?

In the context of cost categories, we currently provide information through two columns: `total cost` and `cost trend`. However, users have the option to delve deeper into workload details, allowing them to access information such as the start and stop times of individual pods.

#### How are costs calculated, and is there a specific formula for it?

Indeed, CCM offers a formula to illustrate the calculation process. For a detailed explanation, please consult the [documentation](https://developer.harness.io/docs/cloud-cost-management/get-started/key-concepts/) provided.

#### Is it possible to modify the formula for calculations, specifically for CPU, memory, or idle costs?

> No, the formula is predetermined and cannot be altered. However, if you are utilizing Kubernetes on bare metal infrastructure (excluding GCP, AWS, or Azure), you do have the option to adjust the pricing for compute calculations related to nodes and pods. For more details, please refer to the [documentation](https://developer.harness.io/docs/faqs/cloud-cost-management-faqs/#hows-cost-calculated-for-k8s-on-cloud-providers-and-k8s-on-bare-metal) provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No, the formula is predetermined and cannot be altered. However, if you are utilizing Kubernetes on bare metal infrastructure (excluding GCP, AWS, or Azure), you do have the option to adjust the pricing for compute calculations related to nodes and pods. For more details, go to [How's the cost calculated for K8s on CSPs and K8s on bare metal?](https://developer.harness.io/docs/faqs/cloud-cost-management-faqs/#hows-cost-calculated-for-k8s-on-cloud-providers-and-k8s-on-bare-metal).
```
